hey people what is electronics ag is about
back again and this time with a tutorial
and it goes up there texture pack
to install
So you need three things first
the game minecraft of course 21 that
texture pack and thirdly teenage so
I'm here for the page
knife texture pack advertising change
the biting down and goes up
mirror 2 link so little info of the goes
with every texture pack but I suppose
times the time than, for example clicking on it
then click on download Mega Celebration
good motto is you downloaded this
whole and you distance on your desktop
then you install the pitcher
the other download link was there and
Now I just have new ones on
chip searched and found
then you click here to download
through the whole thing and then he
you have to go on it and then
then you downloaded the first thing
is texture pack goes into this
Main menu idiots in the search line
percent from tata percent on
then he goes on to point to force
folder and goes here on the texture
pack with me is everything and so and pulls
you here that just so ok closes again
now I'll get something right away if I take him
it starts with you but net it
but create the motto but so
To run
now he is 50 percent good
jajaja minecraft so that comes with me
because I create the motto so normal
he knows has it's with me now net
but you have to go then it is
everything so obtuse could tick everywhere
do and then click with me then me
even a little more believe in it
because I still have the mother so then
you click patch then patch that
all that you see down there then the
cult around banks and he could just do that
closes again
then go on to run minecraft
i am producing login
that is also part of the motto creators that
Everyone should know it is
probably the whole animals are still there
Long hare deer which he is the
is part of the motto of an ideal formation
textures packages then have yours
Textures pack so click this once
takes a bit
and finished there you can mirror yours
and patched it
that was it again
see you soon again
I try now every other day
to upload a video
I do not know if I can do it but me
I'll try it until then